- Oh.
Oh, this is cool.
- Look at that!
(laughing)
(playful classical music)
- I'm Chanarah.
- I'm Cid.
- We're dating.
- Yes.
(laughing)
- We have the sex about
seven times a week.
- Wait, wait, wait, wait no.
Sometimes there are dry weeks,
and then sometimes it's just like
(laughing)
you know, so.
- Have we?
- Uuuhm.
- A vibrator.
- Yeah.
- Ah!
- Oh boy.
- Okay.
- [Interviewer] Close your eyes and then--
- Wait, pause.
(laughing)
Are they clean?
- Has it been used?
- [Chanarah] Do I put my hand?
(laughter)
- Oh, it's furry.
- Does it go in your ass?
- Yeah.
- Wanna try it?
- I don't wanna try it.
- Okay.
It looks fancy.
- Very high bred, this is premium.
Yeah, take the pic.
(laughing)
- Green dress.
Yeah, you.
You just seem really
soft, like the tail there,
you know, it's like
delicate, but it's also like,
I'm that bitch, come get this.
- Oh.
Thank you.
- [Cid] Oh boy.
- [Chanarah] Oh, I'm so scared.
- [Interviewer] Plug it in.
- Plug it in?
- [Interviewer] Yeah, plugging it in.
(buzzing)
- Oh shit!
(laughing)
Oh, wait, wait, wait!
(buzzing)
- What kinda person?
- Maybe a guy.
- Yeah.
(laughing)
- Their balls, I don't know.
- It could be.
(buzzing)
(laughing)
You!
Some weird eye contact
there, you kinda looked away,
like, ya know, I think this is yours.
- It was just guilt and shame.
(laughing)
- Yeah, yeah.
You look like you like to be tickled.
- Powerfully.
- [Interviewer] Alright, got it?
- [Chanarah] Yeah.
- [Interviewer] Open your hands.
- Whoa!
- What the hell is this?
I think it's for like, you know,
when people wanna try anal,
you know, so it's like.
- It's almost like when
you get your ears gauged,
you gotta like work your way up.
- So why do you think this belongs to me?
- You were smiling like
really big, you know.
- You seem pretty organized, as well.
Like this is a very intentional
case, everything fits.
- [Chanarah] What do you think is next?
- Something big.
(screaming)
What the fuck is that?
- Looks like a fish.
- It's from the Marvel Universe.
- This is intense, yo.
- You like that?
You're really like
hands-on with this one.
- No, no, no. No, no, no.
- Where's it going?
It's going everywhere,
isn't it?
- It's going everywhere,
every hole.
You know, I'm thinking
maybe a petite person.
I'm thinking you.
- It matches, too.
- Yeah, yeah.
- It's hefty.
- Yeah.
- It's big.
- Meaty.
- There ya go, that's the
right word, like hefty, thick,
but like with three Q's, you know.
(laughing)
- Three Q's.
- [Cid] Oh boy.
Ooh.
- [Chanarah] Wait.
- [Cid] Interesting.
- I would use something like this.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- In terms of like sexual deviancy,
they seem to be on the
more conservative side.
- You.
Yeah.
It's small, you can hide it, you know,
but it gets the job
done, you got shit to do.
You look like you're a
very working hard woman.
- Thank you, I do work hard.
- Yes.
- I work very hard.
- [Cid] Whoa whoa oh!
Look at that!
(laughing)
- They like to have
fun, like a lot of fun.
- Right here, yellow
dress, come on up here.
(laughing)
You just seem like you
could give it to someone.
- Oh.
- I guess that's just
the easiest way
- I could give it to someone,
yeah, I like that.
- Yeah, I could tell.
(screaming)
(laughing)
- Oh yeah, this is kinda like what I have.
Okay, okay, alright, it's not turning off.
- It's not turning off.
(laughing)
- It's pretty similar.
- It's similar, yeah.
Yeah.
- Both.
- In my underwear drawer.
- Classic.
- Yeah.
This is definitely a discrete
situation, but also on-the-go.
- Yeah, this is a good on-the-go,
maybe they're travelers.
- Yeah.
You.
Yes.
- I get the sense that you would
use this at work, or you do.
- At work?
- Yeah.
I mean, if you work.
- But it's loud.
Well, it's not loud, but it's like
you're in your office
and someone's just like
what's that?
- Some people don't mind that,
in fact, some people like that.
- Now how you know?
- [Cid] Whoa!
(laughing)
- That's scary.
- Oh!
- This definitely seems like something
someone uses for a living.
Is this a dog?
- Like a dog?
- Or a cat?
It kinda looks like both.
- A dog-cat, cat-dog.
It is you.
- I actually think so, yeah.
- Yeah, totally.
- Definitely.
- Yeah, the edginess is there.
- Yeah.
Look back.
(laughing)
- Nobody.
- Damn.
- Absolutely nothing.
- I kinda knew
that was gonna happen.
- What do we know about sex?
(talking and laughing)
- Ah.
- Okay.
- Everything is coming together.
- Hi.
You guessed wrong.
(laughing)
This is mine.
When I'm at home, like you
know, I kinda want dick,
and then you hit up all your hos
and they're all like sorry, I'm busy.
(laughing)
That's when you whip this out,
like well, I guess I'll do it myself.
- Now, do you throw
this in the dishwasher?
- Huh?
- No, I hand wash all my toys.
- Hand wash it, gotcha.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Aha.
- Hello.
- This makes sense.
- That makes sense now.
- Do you think I use this, or
that I use it on someone else?
- I think you use it.
- I do use it.
- You do?
- You do use it.
(cheering)
Is this something you walk around wearing?
- Sometimes, sometimes crawl.
- Does it hurt?
- No, no.
- No?
- Have you guys ever done anything anal?
You had anal sex?
- Yes.
(laughing)
- Tried it, didn't shit right
for a week, so I said goodbye.
So, why do you use this?
- It's just kind of like, almost like
a dominant/submissive thing,
like I'm his pet, you know?
- Ahh.
- Ohh.
- Meow.
- Yeah, meow.
- Okay.
- Okay, I like that.
- Hey!
- Yes.
- That's yours.
- Okay, I have to ask, how?
- Lots of lube and lots of patience.
- Patience?
- Patience is key.
- Patience as in like getting that in?
- Stretch it out, give
it a little bit of time,
and stuff like that, again, lots of lube.
- Do you use it with a partner?
- No, but my boyfriend
finds it fricking hilarious,
and he's like, we should
use this as a doorstop.
- As a doorstop?
(laughing)
- Yeah, in our apartment.
- So what made you get this?
Like why this?
- So, I just wanted the
ridges, I wanted something
other than a normal penis,
'cause I can get that anytime.
- Gotcha.
- Flint.
- Flint?
- Yeah, this is the medium size.
- That's medium.
- That's the medium?
- There's a large and extra large too.
(gasping)
- Wow.
I can't do that at work.
Cool, thank you.
- So, why didn't you think that
I would have something more conventional?
- Definitely got
dominatrix-type vibes from you.
- Yeah, I get that a lot actually.
- But, it was only a year ago that
I actually started using toys.
I use it to masturbate, but
I also use it with a partner,
because I can get so much more out of it,
and it just gets me to where I need to be.
- Hi.
- Hello.
- You looked great in this.
- Thank you.
(laughing)
- You felt it, right?
- Yeah.
- Did you feel powerful?
- I did.
- Do you feel powerful with
your natural-borne penis?
- Yes.
- There you go folks, penises equal power.
- Whoa.
- It's actually really crazy,
'cause when I was growing up
I thought this was totally something that,
it was just for lesbians, right?
But, there's so many guys nowadays
that are totally open to exploring anal.
- Has it ever been used on you?
- Absolutely not.
- No.
(laughing)
- I'm too powerful for that.
- Too powerful.
(murmuring and cheering)
Okay.
- Hi guys.
- Hi!
- Hi.
I did not see this coming.
- No?
I'm glad to hear that, I
was like really hoping.
I find myself kind of
attracted to the look.
You know, it's like a
self-confidence thing.
In the mirror, I just feel
instantly like I'm attractive,
I can be in a situation and
I don't have to worry about
oh did I shave, how does
my hair look or anything.
Is this something that you
guys would ever consider?
- Mm, probably not.
- Probably not.
- But, yeah, I dig it though.
- Hi.
- Hello.
- Hi guys.
Yeah, this is the hitachi,
and I picked this toy because
it is the OG vibrator, you know,
it's not just a solo
toy, I picked it because
you can use it with or on anybody.
- So how do you use it?
- Clitorally, yeah.
I use it when I wake up,
and before I go to bed.
(laughing and cheering)
- Did you use it before you came here?
- No, I didn't have time.
- Oh.
(laughing)
- Can you orgasm without it?
- Oh yeah.
It's great to use on other people,
people with penises
love it too, it's great.
(buzzing)
- Do you have a favorite?
Sounds like a dirt bike.
(laughing)
(exclaims and laughing)
- I think I know, and I'm kinda worried.
- So you start from the
lowest, which is like this,
and it's got two different sizes on it.
So it will be like a thicker at the base
and thinner at the top,
depending on which end
you want to insert into your penis.
(laughter)
- Wait.
- Yes.
Yes, yes, yes, exactly what I said.
(laughter)
Watching somebody sound is, oh, it's hot.
It's real hot.
Trying it I was like,
this is quite painful.
(laughing)
- You like the pain?
- I learned to, yeah.
- You learned to like it.
I'm not gonna use this, in my life.
- I would not suggest it for you.
I don't know, I also had like a really bad
sounding accident once, so it's like.
- Tell us.
Spill the tea.
(grimacing)
- He tried to put two in at once,
so the way that the urethra works,
it just went whoop, into my bladder.
(yelling)
- And you still use this?
- I use this one to clean
the piece on my bong,
I literally cleaned it before this.
- Have you ever used the biggest one?
- No, of course not, you
idiot, what the fuck!
(laughing)
- He's like look at this.
- What the fuck?
- I mean it's in your kit.
- This was amazing.
I don't need any of this
stuff, but it's great to
learn about the things that
I don't know are going on
in the world, that people
don't like to talk about.
So it's nice to see this openness.
- Listen, I'm shook.
(laughing)
That last one, the kit.
- Would you ever use one of those
on me?
- Nope, no.
Would you want to use
any of this stuff on me?
- I mean, yeah.
- Yeah!
(laughing)
Do you like the tail?
- I'm not wearing the tail.
- No, no, for me?
- Oh.
- Would you want me to wear that?
- If you wanted.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
(purring)
(cheering)
- Okay.